BigAnimal: handling BigAnimal updates (#2555)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/overview/04_responsibility_model.mdx

-   EDB is responsible for deploying clusters with one primary and two replicas. In cloud regions with availability zones, clusters are deployed across multiple availability zones. 
-   You are responsible for choosing whether to enable high availability.

> -   You are responsible for ensuring your application handles transient outages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   You are responsible for ensuring your applications re-connect when network connectivity is interrupted.
```
